June woke up in a lab, surrounded by white walls and a buzzing sound. One of the doctors walks over to her, checking her pulse. He says "You're going to be fine." She can't remember anything about what had happened, but she knows it was something bad because as soon as she wakes up she starts crying hysterically. The doctor tells her that they found her freezing to death on the side of a road, and now they're trying to figure out how long ago it happened. June does not know how much time has passed since then based on how long it takes for dreams to fade away after waking up from them. She remembers the events of before like they just happened yesterday but at the same time feels like she has been there for years. Suddenly another doctor enters the room and starts asking questions about who had taken care of her while she was gone. She doesn't know what he means so he explains that apparently somebody had taken care of her for five years while she was asleep - feeding her, changing clothes, everything! Eventually though June realizes that this person is probably also one of those creatures from before with their warning not to come back - which gives even more credence to their words than before!

The last thing June remembered before waking up was running through a bright doorway with all three crew members following closely behind when suddenly there were three tall beings in front of them again saying "We are sorry for your loss," and "You've been here before," while looking at each other knowingly as if having an unspoken conversation between themselves which only included themselves- no matter where someone stood or where they pointed their flashlight beam at them you couldn't see any trace or outline apart from these three figures standing in front- blocking their way entirely until two more trees stand up saying "You have been here before" while the third adds "We can't stop now." All three creatures say that they will never be able to leave this spot until someone grants them a